everything started to put black houses and mmm
comes to knock down geral they did they say
now he was interested in legends and in
occasions
his present because he knows that the only thing
he will not relive the bush
I left in charge of a group of young people and
I start to take
things on their own to make the
group instead of teaching was
hurting my young people and that has
turned knots and for this rudos if
Now the rude and the applause of the
people now that you doubt the scribe
right now, everything is spent watching the
applause to the people so that the public
honestly I feel better as tough
I think it's a buzzing that
I makes me improve myself the king me
I like it
this irrigation area
but I also do not dislike the applause
from the public I think that on both sides
I received a lot of love, you see the
shock capacity
I'm not a closed fighter so
Welcome to a lot of experience
who we have done with that is
totally popular but
not at all prepared and to leave us
effectively russia is a very fighter
strong young with a lot of desire to win
very hungry but it is not impossible
I think the experience I have is
vast and we're going to see 15 winning I'm a
positive fact
has only more in the list of the
win the victory but if it leads to
lose so it would be
to my career
I do not think I spent handsome percent was
unbeaten chemistry betting sayings
sand and I will continue to be it I think
retire in view of the same last
referred
understanding the minute
but still reach goals comes a
world championship we are we are be
making a strong diet and I hope to give you
semicomplete for
to earn that belt and why not a
mask the last warrior and be fog